Time - 6:46 am

These nights are hard. These dreams are scary and emotional. Now that GSOC is over I don't have anything to drown
myself with, and it's instantly showing. It's been 6-7 months now and no matter how much
I try I can't get Pankh out of my head. She pops us, atleast 2-3 times in a day. It just leads to negative internal
dialogue. Thinking whether my decision was correct or not. People forget, I think I'm slowly forgetting why I did 
what I did in the first place. This place is a fucking dump. So sad we met this way. What could've been.

But, I need to have confidence in my past self. I did what I did for a reason. No matter how much I suger-coat it with
ethics and "it was not the right thing to do", the bottom line was when she said she used him to get over me but said
I still don't want to ruin my friendship with him, it shattered the idealised version I had of her in my head. I was 
hurt as well, but I was more angry than sad, at myself. For idealising a version of her which wasn't true. I was hurt as well,
can't really undermine that. 

I remember now. I was hurt. I kind of spent 2 months self-scrutinizing myself. Undid a lot of work and self-love I had built
for the last 2 years. It was justified though. I knew I was doing. Whike punching myself down, I also kept raising her, her idea.
It's not her fault. Not anyone's fault really but mine. Everything that happened. Coudld've been avoided if I had been more 
honest with myself.

I had this vision that I'll have a sister in Idra, a partner in Pankh for the forsee-able future atleast. But I knew what I was doing,
it was just a lame excuse I was gicing myself to talk with them both all the time. It was just the consequence of my actions, 
but I won't forget. The things to be learnt from this. About myself.

What happened after coming to college, so many people told me they were hanging out together. How you day 1 hbs be when they have news 
about your downfall hahahahaha. I just naturally assumed this is how things are. She's moved on, and Arhan always liked her, never 
treated her badly, supoorted her, so it seemed natural how things were going. I was also moving on, healing, looking towards the future.

Don't really know why/what happened on 13 February. Why did she say all those things to me. Using him to move on from me. Telling me 
he's clingy and she doesn't like him. And then when I told her how he feels, how he spends so many nights sad and confused, even asking
me sometimes what he should do, she just said it's not her fault. 

Why was I getting dragged into their situation? She didn't say she liked me, so why did she put me into such an ethical dillema. I don't 
really carea about Arhan, he's just another guy/friend for me. But I don't want him to suffer everyday, with bad thoughts. Nothing 
good can come out of that. But I can't tell him directly, not my conversation to have. And in the middle of all this Dinesh Jr. going wild.

Even when I told her to tell him the truth, she owes him that much and I can't stand her leading him on like this, all she had to say was
it's not my fault he's attracted to me, I never said/did anything which would lead him to beleive this.

Whatever, not my conversation, not my situation. I don't know why I got dragged. I dont even care man. So many girls lead so many guys all 
the time, why do I have to care. I don't know why I cared about him. I know actually, I saw myself in him. :( . 

Why did I stop talking to her? I don't remember now. But I remember it was a decision born out of the thought process of self-love. Also 
ethics and values maybe. I don't remember that clearly, but I made a decision last night and I would die for it. 

I can't justify all the things I had done in the past, as memory doesn't serve well, so all the decisions would look wrong since I don't have
all the facts. I appreciate myself for taking a hard decision, and I trust myself with that decision. I won't question it anymore. All the 
decisions I took were the best possible actions for that particular time, with all the facts and mindset I had at that time. Simple.

Siddhart brings up sometimes how he sees them talking still. I don't know what to think of it. It falls back to a negative thought loop of
critisizing myself for thinking about Arhan. But I took that decision for myself. I wanted to be an honest and ethical person. In the end I 
wanted to be a good person. I didn't want the guilt. The guilt of knowing. Would I care if he died tomorrow? Doesn't matter, if I care or not.

Life's not an optimization game. I will not try to analyze why she pops up in my head. Just want to write it down, journal it. Don't want to
keep it in my head. The incomplete occassional thoughts.

What are you waiting for Dinesh?

I'm grateful for the sun that shines everyday.
I'm grateful for Parth kohli.
I'm grateful for Pranshu, who inspired to write backend code in Java.
I'm grateful for Ian's politeness and his goofy and ridiculously amazing laugh.
I'm proud of myself for finishing and presenting the hardware project to Jayanthi ma'am.
I'm grateful for Pranjal for guiding me through this project, as well as helping me unconditionally thoughout my college life.
I'm grateful for the support structure around me.