Time - 13:25

I want to ask you something, since you have more insight/wisdom than me. You've seen the time pass and how things turned out in the end.

Was saying I knew what I was doing a cope and a lie as well, so that I she would stop crying and feel at peace. Did I want her to stop crying
because it felt like one of my sisters crying? Or was I just uncomfortable since didi or mummy never really expressed any emotions to me, or
towards me? Same was with dad too ig, only extreme anger or pleasant joy. 

Didn't I resolve my feelings towards Idra? Even after knowing how everything turned out I remember that closure conversation with her, 
and Sukriti Masi. I enjoyed talking to her as my sister and didn't have any romantic feelings for her, not the type I would have for a partner, same as 
Aaru or Didi. I would've said the same thing to Aaru if she came up to me and told me that some random influencer looks so much prettier than
her. I didn't want anything more or less, and was happy to have a bestie I could talk to, just a best friend. Then why did I tell Pankh it 
was nothing, I was just fooling around, why didn't I tell her how much Idra meant to me as a sister or a good friend? As someone I could
talk to? Wait, I have the answer to this question, I've been down this rabbit hole. Remember next time - She sent screenshots of our chats
to Arhan and said I was acting desparate. I wasn't a brother/good friend to her, just another desparate guy trying to get her attention and 
the moment Pankh told me all that, I was lowkey hurt. I don't really care about all of this. I don't care. I care. 

I've been having these dreams lately, where I talk to them like we used to, with their idealised version in my mind. GSOC was acting like a dam,
and now everything - all the thoughts and the dreams are coming. I think I need to go through these motions, patiently and gracefully.
I keep questioning the decisions I made, I never really cared about my decisions. I don't do Should'ves or Could'ves.
I trust myself. I will lowkey always find a way.

I'm grateful for the opportunity to participate in GSOC.
I'm grateful for all the hide&seeks.
I'm grateful for Thursday.
I'm grateful for the ability to code.
I'm grateful for the wonderful community of tech, where everyone helps each other, the experts see themselves in the beginners.

If I want to become an expert, I just have to tread the path even faster.