Time - 2:08

I'm grateful for the cold wind. It feels like it's hugging me.
I'm grateful for songs.
I'm grateful for Zoro.
I'm grateful for Luffy.
I'm grateful for my super awesome laptop. I ain't leavin you anyime soon bud.

I defeated lust under the influence of alcohol today. I think I've done it. After all this time, I've finally beat my
addiction. I'm very proud of myself. I know I'll still have to be weary and walk around eggshells until I have a partner, but still
I'm proud of myself for achieving my goal. It's been a long time coming. The last straw was just looking forward in life.

Message to future self - To beat addiction, look towards the future. Time is your friend.

I need to decompress from the end-sems. Today was very fun. I'm grateful for Sanskar. It helped, but I need to decompress and relax
more. Look back and then look forward.

The cut is over. Saw my veins and abs, but have to train abs more, muscle definition is less. I have created enough buffer to begin
the lean bulk. First to calulcate the maintainance calories - I'll do it 5 - 12 May, with the Winter Diet. Lean Bulk is 0.5-1kg per
month if I'm not wrong. I know these are just 2 months, not some magic time period where I'll achieve all the goals in my life and
be satisfied for the rest of my life. I know it is a marathon, but, I'll do enough to increase my pace a hefty bit for these 2
months. General goals are - 150 squat,dead and 25kg each side 10*3 Incline DB press. I also want to work on shoulder press and do
some zerchers for functionalities. I can finally progress onto weighted pull ups with a weight-attachment-belt now at FitEdge.
Grateful for the opportunity to plan these goals, and make an attempt to achieve them. Have to research more on Lean Bulking.
Will gain knowledge from Bald-OmniMan.

I'm indifferent to GSOC's result. The goal was to participate. Grateful for the opportunity to have done so.
Maasi's website's workflow has been coming along fine. I made issues in Github, now gonna start working on them 1 at a time, still
haven't added that Jewelry. Haven't added an issue as well as in the website. Will make a separate branch for the issues.

Write beautiful code. Create beauty. Appreciate beauty. Love beauty. Still haven't forgotten you SpringBoot.

Tetris has been lacking. I need to get stacking patterns right. Will spend atleast 30 mins daily doing it.
I'm on the fence for DSA. As for upskilling, I'll just complete Hkirat's webD and DevOps cohort.

I'm grateful for this life. All the things that happened. It made me who I am today, and I love myself. Goodnight.